Adrian Peterson Peterson picks up about
three hours it has that sound a bike
conveyance Brett Favre pulled off Adrian
Peterson
I happen to think it is refusing
when you put number four in front of him
instantly the linebackers the secondary
has to respect the deep strike
capability at Brett Favre and more
importantly re don't get rid of the
football on time three-step five-step
fall out of the beer arbonne lined up in
the left slot
second down
they're coming barb to pass blitz is
coming
and I'm gonna tell you that
papering treasure of all days remember
this is a non-problem 34 they bring both
linebackers a five min blitz entrants
going to get rid of it on time washing
here comes pressure he's very calm tamba
hali is about to get there as far as I'm
concerned Vikings 243 sacks last year
that's unconscionable having bread far
there will reduce that number by one
third
third down chester taylor l in the game
from the shotgun far fro
sing it is a cat
now understand Mike Crapo is going to
come out right here he looks like these
blintz and he's going to drop into the
wrap my cradle is a smart measuring with
the phone problem Harvin so quickly
that's what they've lacked before the
party the ball came out on
in less than you are
Peterson the tail back then coverage up
top Peterson and stop the teeth
was it